Motivation: Many businesses tend to toss merchandise that are deemed ‘unsellable’. Whether it is the browning of meat or a fashion trend gone awry; These goods are tossed away and wasted. The goal of GiveNet is to repurpose these goods to those in need by building a network that connects businesses to Donation Centers directly. This way, businesses can alert donation centers that they have goods that can be picked up and donated to those in need.

Installation: NodeJS and an ElephantSQL (or some other PostgreSQL hosting service) database is needed. Once NodeJS is installed, run the “npm install -g ts-node” command to install TypeScript globally. Then begin by clone the repository onto your machine. You will notice two folders, frontend and backend. Change your directory to the frontend directory and run the “npm -i” command to install the required dependencies for the frontend (mainly React). Next change your directory to the backend folder and repeat the same command. Also in the backend/database.ts folder modify line 4 and replace the argument with your database URI. To start the backend run the command “npm run dev”, this will build the necessary TypeScript files and start the server. To start the frontend go into the directory and run the command “npm start”. To access the frontend go to localhost:5000 and you use the application.

Contribution:

We require contributors to follow the git flow workflow. This means that they should branch into a development branch called develop. Afterwards they should branch off of develop and create a new branch that has a detailed name about the feature they are trying to implement. We will be using jira for ticketing issues and pull requests are required for merging to develop or main. Additionally, we require coding to be done in Visual Studio Code using the Prettier extension. This ensures that space formatting will be identical to other contributors in the case of git merge issues falsely flagging differences in space formatting.
