For sprint0, we organized the roles first based on expertise. For example, one of our members is well versed in website development and so we delegated the task of setup to this member. Afterwards, tasks were brought up and members would volunteer themselves if they believed that the task was within their capabilities. Additionally, we made a google folder and worked on the deliverables in a shared environment so that others could provide constant feedback without the hassle of uploading and downloading files.

We prioritize issues based on how necessary it was for building a skeleton of the web application. Some features that leaned towards UX were rated poorer. The voting scale was done based on low - high scale based on the jira ratings system. The rating was done in 2 steps, the first step was to get a general consensus of each task's priority. The second step we compared the ratings to get consistency between the task ratings. On average it took about 1-2 rounds of voting for the first step.

For this particular sprint there was a lot of work that needed to get done. We planned a meeting very early in the week so that we could figure out as a group what needed to get done, who was responsible for doing which part and what we wanted to do and have finished for the next meeting. The second meeting was a day before the submission deadline, we figured out what we finished and planned accordingly for the rest of the meeting to finish all the deliverables. By the end of the meeting we had to plan one more meeting on the same day since we wanted to finish the deliverables on the same day.

Finally, for the next phase we learned that we need to delegate more tasks outside of meetings so that we can get more work done. However, this may have been an issue with sprint 0 being quite large in terms of thinking and requiring lots of discussion. In future sprints we should take into account the type of work that would be involved and plan our time accordingly.
